[ Woman ]
Thank you for flying Jet Blue.
Welcome to Las Vegas.
- Here you go, here you go.
- That was quick.
You skip the line when you’re
on the Excelsior level.
[ Claire ] Oh.
Three rooms adjoining,
top floor.
Oh.
Silver. Pretty.
Platinum, so don’t wave that
around everywhere.
People get jealous.
Maybe wave it around a little.
[ Laughter ]
My friend Burt Tanner
runs the hotel.
He comped us a few rooms
because we sold him some closets
for his high-roller suites.
Zebrawood, heated sock drawer,
the works.
Hey, luxury bathroom.
It’s me, lowly closet.
Watch your back.
- Mitchell?
- Langham?
Hey, Cam,
it’s Langham and Tim!
Hi!
What are you boys
doing here?
- Bachelor party weekend.
We’re getting married in June.
- What?
We really wanted to invite you,
but Tim’s family is huge.
Relax. We’re getting married
in May, and you’re not coming,
so–
[ Laughs ]
Mitchell!
Oh, look at us moving on.
It’s almost like you never
dumped me in an e-mail...
the morning after I told you
that I loved you.
Well, in my defense, e-mail–
It was new back then–
Oh.
There was still
a blurry line as to what
was appropriate and–
Well, we have
a pretty packed weekend.
Oh, we do, but if you guys have
some time, here’s our itinerary.
[ Mitchell ]
Okay.
Come play.
Oh, yeah.
Fun.
You guys,
congratulations.
[ Mitchell ] Bye.
Thank you.
Oh, my gosh,
an actual gay agenda.
Geez.
[ Chuckles ]
Ooh. Come on.
Looks like we’re not gonna see
much of you two this trip.
No, no. We are not participating
in any of this.
They’re very judgy
about bachelor parties.
I offered to throw them one,
and I got a whole lecture.
We’re 40. We have a child.
We’ve been together
for 10 years.
That’s the one.
It’s just not who we are
anymore.
Listen to this–
"Bananas in Cabanas Pool Party."
- [ Laughing ]
- "Most creative Speedo...
wins tickets
to The Kilty Pleasures."
No.
- Please.
- What is
The Kilty Pleasures?
This.
We will be maintaining
our dignity in the spa,
thank you.
I mean, come on.
Have you ever seen
a Scottish person this tan?
I’m embarrassed
even looking at it.
Then stop.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Whoa. That warmer drawer
really works.
It’s like my mom’s hugging
my feet again.
- I’m gonna go do some shopping.
- Oh, well, maybe
we’ll catch up later.
No. You have your day,
I’ll have mine.
- Well, how ’bout the bar
at, like, 5:00?
- Sure.
She was icing me,
but I deserved it.
For the first time in my whole
life, I was neglecting her.
I’d been invited to audition
for a secret magic society
in Las Vegas.
But in all my rehearsals,
I’d paid no attention to Claire.
I even left her alone
in a movie theater once.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Oh, no.
I let Phil think I was still
mad at him because I needed
a little time to myself.
Come to mama!
Yeah!
Years ago, Phil and I put aside
money for a trip
on our 25th anniversary,
but I lost that money
on a girls’ weekend in Vegas.
Since then, I’ve been on
a secret mission
to win that money back,
and if things go well
this weekend, I am even.
Vegas, you have
a gambling problem,
and her name is Claire.
[ Knocking ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Man, British Accent ]
Knockity knock, knock.
Mr. Dunphy, I presume?
Yes. Who– Hi.
I’m Leslie Higgins. It’s a boy’s
name where I’m from.
- I’m your butler.
- Oh, butler. Cool.
Yes. As an Excelsior guest,
I’m at your beck and call 24-7.
- Anything you need,
big or small, I can–
- Oh.
Can I just segue, sir,
to the importance of discretion
in my job?
I’ll just pop those–
Oh, no, no, no.
Never mind those.
- As you wish.
- They’re for an appointment
I have later.
The less you know
about that, the better.
A myriad of apologies, sir.
If there’s nothing else–
Oh, hang on. Actually,
do you know where I can get
a cape laundered?
Opera or superhero?
I’d rather not say.
I overstepped the mark
by asking.
Uh, could I just quickly
point out our luxury
bath service, sir?
We have five outrageously
decadent baths...
that I can prepare for you
at a moment’s notice.
Uh, I should just point out,
though,
that our Pharaoh’s Fantasy does
take a dash longer normally...
because our Nubian lives
off-site.
- If there’s nothing else,
I’ll just help you with your–
- No, uh–
- I’ll get that.
- Yep, yep.
Ah, thank you.
I love cucumber water.
I know.
If I were president–
I know, I know.
Cucumbers in the reservoirs.
Giant cucumbers.
Mmm.
Mr. Pritchett?
Yes, hi.
All right, I’ll see you
in 90 minutes.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
[ Woman ]
Mr. Tucker?
♪♪ [ Speakers: Dance ]
We had a few no-shows
for the Britney concert,
so–
One, please.
Oh. What about Mitchell?
It’s Vegas. He doesn’t need
to know what I’m doing.
I don’t need to know
what he’s doing.
So if you see him,
maybe don’t mention
what I’m doing.
Oh. Understood.
So do you have anything
on the aisle?
[ Doorbell Buzzes ]
[ Man ]
Yeah?
Rasputin’s Dalmatian
drowned in the Volga.
I thought he was allergic
to dogs.
You’re thinking of Merlin,
and it was peanuts.
[ Bolt Slides, Door Opens ]
[ Sighs ]
Okay, everybody.
We have a visitor.
Welcome Phil Dunphy.
Hi.
[ Man ]
Hey, Phil.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey.
I’m so honored to be here.
Wow. You may recognize my–
my screen name, abracadunphyl7.
That’s you?
You’re up in the middle
of the night a lot.
My wife grinds her teeth.
But let me tell you
another story.
It’s about the miracle
of metamorphosis.
- Uh, Phil–
- They say the only constant
is change–
Phil, we’re gonna get
to your trick
in just a minute.
Oh.
I’m sorry.
Got a little excited there.
The heroes of the underground
magic blogosphere–
Flashpaper Finelli,
Kaiser Mayhem, The Kid!
When you think about it,
it’s crazy they’re all alive
at the same time.
Jay, I’m feeling
a little cold.
Maybe I should buy a scarf.
Sure, get a couple of ’em.
[ Gasps ]
[ Jay Chuckles ]
Why, I know
it’s a little extravagant,
but we’re Excelsior now–
might as well look it.
Many years ago,
when Jay was in Las Vegas,
he bought Barkley,
the doggie butler.
I hate Barkley.
I knew if Jay saw Rebarka,
he would want her too.
Yeah, that’s her name– Rebarka.
Yeah, but, uh–
you know, if we’re
going to gamble,
maybe I need
my lucky sweater.
Can you go and get it
in the room?
- Who has a lucky sweater?
- You wore two different shoes
to watch the Super Bowl.
- Fine.
- No, Jay!
Other way.
I like that way.
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
Sorry, sir.
This is a private elevator.
No need to apologize.
I’m glad you’re on top
of this stuff.
That’s only for
the Excelsior level.
This elevator goes
to the top floor.
I thought Excelsior
was the top– 62.
Mandalay Bay has 63 floors.
Top floor is Excelsior Plus.
Wait, they’re allowed up there?
They’re wearing dungarees.
Sixty-one, 62, 63.
Son of a bitch!
[ Claire ]
Come on, let me see an eight.
I wanna see an eight.
Seven out.
Sorry.
We’ll get ’em
next time, baby.
Claire, give me your key.
I need to charge something
to your room.
- Hang on a second.
- Four.
Point is four.
Okay, odds on four,
and a five each
on "C" and "E."
What are you
talking about?
It’s the lady version
of Barkley.
I have to put it on hold
so that Jay, if he sees it,
he can’t buy it,
and then I will cancel
the charge
before we leave.
Winner– four the hard way!
Oh, yes!
Finally!
Claire, the key.
Oh, no, honey.
You’re not going
anywhere.
You’re my good luck
charm.
Give these a blow,
beautiful.
Oh. How was
your massage?
So re–
[ Quietly ]
So, so relaxing.
Sorry, my masseuse
was blasting the Enya.
So what are you
gonna do next?
A long soak?
- A long sauna?
- I think a sauna.
- Yeah, I think
I’m gonna do a soak.
- Ooh, a soak does sound nice.
- Maybe I’ll do a sauna.
- Is that–
Is that glitter on your face?
Oh. Yeah, I think my masseuse
might moonlight.
- Vegas.
- [ Giggles ]
- I’ll see you in an hour.
- Okay. Enjoy it.
Really have fun.
Relax, Mitchell.
Phil, you’re up.
Okay.
The miracle...
of metamorphosis.
They say the only constant
is change.
Well, all of that
is about to ch–
be different.
Note the simple burlap sack,
the kind you’d find in any home.
If you’d be so kind
as to assist me,
The– The Kid,
I’ll endeavor to prove
that some change is glacial,
while some change
is instantaneous.
Now if you’d be so kind as
to raise the simple burlap sack
above my head...
and pinch my wrists.
You’ll note the clock says
exactly 4:02.
I have 3:15.
Yeah, I have 6:35.
Kaiser Mayhem!
It’s what I do.
Wait, it’s 5:20?
I actually have to call my wife.
Uh, no, Phil.
You can’t just stop
in the middle of a trick.
- That’s a cardinal rule.
- Guys, it’s an emergency.
Don’t tell me you’ve never had
to call your spouse.
Oh, there’s–
there’s people for you.
Come on, Claire.
Please pick up.
[ Croupier ]
And the lady wins again.
[ Phone Rings ]
Yes! Yes!
I did it.
I won back my money.
Oh, suck it, the house.
[ Laughs ]
Claire, the key.
Yeah, okay, here you go.
And, hey, buy yourself
something sparkly.
Gloria, there’s a floor
above us.
What?
I know.
It threw me too.
Excelsior Plus.
But to the people on that floor,
we’re Excelsior Minus.
- What is up there?
- You need a black card
to get in.
All we’ve got
is this stupid silver one.
Oh, I thought
it was platinum.
- It’s crap.
- Uh, why–
why don’t you call
your friend Burt...
and tell him that we need
the black card?
Because he’s not my friend.
I never really even met him.
I think I heard him cough
one time
on a conference call.
I don’t know why
he would treat me this way.
- Oh, come on!
- What?
Oh, come on!
You’re Jay Pritchett.
You’re gonna find your friend
Burt and tell him who you are,
and you’re gonna get
the black card.
Because when you set your mind
on something,
nobody can stop you!
Right!
Wait!
Go that way.
Excuse me. How much
is that doggie in the window?
[ Claire ]
I had finally taken back
from Vegas...
what Vegas took from me.
That’s a feeling of satisfaction
I can’t describe–
’cause it didn’t last very long.
Oh, hey, Claire.
Yeah?
Have you seen Cam?
No.
Although we should stay
in one place so he can find us.
How about a blackjack table?
Oh, no, I’m really worn out
from my massage, the sauna.
It was just–
It was a lot of detoxing.
You know what you need?
Some toxing.
- No.
- Hand of blackjack,
couple of tequilas.
Come on, it’ll be fun.
Do it.
You sound just like the kid
who bullied me into smoking
my first cigarette.
Maybe this time
you won’t tell on me.
And then hit.
Yes.
And then stay.
I know.
I have it.
Okay.
Eighteen, 19, 18.
You are in a great position
right now.
Oh, the dealer has 21.
Hers is better.
I am so sorry, Mitchell.
I promise you,
we did everything right.
Don’t be mad.
I’m not mad.
Really?
No, that was–
that was thrilling.
I’m–
My pulse is racing.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you so much
for making me do this.
I’m going to play
another hand.
- We’re going to play
- No, alone. Not with you.
Really?
You’re bad luck.
Go. Far.
The minute I got rid of her,
I couldn’t lose.
Oh, gambling’s fun.
And easy.
Hey, big spender.
What are you doing?
Hey.
Gambling.
I’m a gambler now.
Look at you letting loose.
Yeah.
I guess I figure
whatever mischief
one might get into in Vegas...
kind of remains here
within the limits of the city,
you know?
That’s a cool way
to think about it.
Yeah.
I’m really glad
that you came over here.
- Really?
Why is that?
- Well, I always hated...
the way that things ended
between us, you know?
Maybe now we can go out
on a better note.
That’s nice.
Yeah.
[ Laughing ]
Oh– Oh, my God!
6-2-3-3–
That’s-That’s my room number.
Huh.
Um, hit me.
[ Dealer ]
Mm-hmm.
Seven!
That’s 21, huh?
Yes! Yeah!
Ah!
Whoa, check you out.
I guess tonight’s my night
to get lucky.
I would say.
My lady.
- [ Dealer ] Thank you.
- Maybe I will run
into you again, huh?
Okay. It was good
to see you. Oh, y–
120, 140, Higgins–
for nothing.
Nothing!
I want to do something crazy.
Okay, I’m gonna order a bath.
Sir, it sounds to me
like you’ve gone mad.
[ Laughing Together ]
Okay, this is what I want.
I want something romantic,
but also a little dangerous.
Romantic, dangerous.
Might I suggest, sir,
the Techno Bath?
Your heart will throb
with the bass...
while your eyes take in
an off-the-scale
laser light show...
from that most intimate
of V.I.P. arenas–
your own tub.
Okay.
I want that.
That’s what I want.
[ Laughs ]
Methinks
the Little Red Riding Hood...
- may be a big, bad wolf.
- Oh!
I’ll be back shortly
with supplies.
Okay!
Ah, Mr. Dunphy!
How are...
we this evening?
Not so good.
I’m in a tight spot
with my lady.
Ah.
You know what might help?
One of those–
one of those luxury baths.
Ah, get yourself
out of some hot water
by getting her into some.
Wow, so good.
Might I suggest
the Michael Bublé Bath?
- You are a mind reader.
- I’m not a mind reader, sir.
I’ve just been in
the bath buttling business
since the early ’90s,
despite my fresh face,
so I tend to know
what these situations need.
I’ll get the water going.
As you wish.
Same price either way.
Burt says he’s gonna be here
any minute.
Mm-hmm.
We got to really lay it on
for this guy– best scotch,
put on something sexy.
[ Gasps ]
I... have a great idea!
Cigars!
A man like Burt appreciates
a good cigar.
Good thinking!
Of course, upstairs, the butler
would be here already.
I’m telling you,
we might as well be sleeping
in the basement.
[ Door Beeps ]
I said hold it,
not deliver it!
Ay.
Okay, there.
Come here.
Stay in Claire’s room.
- [ Thump ]
- Hey, honey.
I’m in the bathroom.
Honey?
Okay, I-I know I messed up,
but sit tight.
I got a little surprise
for you.
Higgins, you got a minute?
Sixty an hour.
They all belong to you, sir.
I need a couple
of primo cigars, A.S.A.P.
I’m not a stickler
for how they got in the country.
I’m also expecting
a special scotch delivery.
I need a shave.
Burt can’t see me like this.
Unfortunately,
the shaving butlers are all–
I know–
Excelsior Plus.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Higgins ]
Are you decent?
I am.
Well, not for long.
My partner should be here
any minute.
Is it me, sir, or is the air
positively fizzing
with erotic anticipation?
- Yeah.
- Oh, I forgot the ice.
I’m gonna get it.
I couldn’t ask you
to do that.
- Not a problem.
- As you wish.
Same price either way.
[ Elevator Bell Dings,
Door Opens ]
[ Door Beeps, Opens ]
Oh, I’m sorry.
I’m looking for Mitchell.
Oh, yeah, he’s expecting you.
In fact, he’s asked me
to draw the two of you a bath.
Wow.
This is crazy.
Yeah.
I believe that’s the plan.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
[ Door Beeps ]
Oh, good.
You’re back.
- How’s Claire seem?
- I’m sorry?
You must have seen her
out there. Is she mad?
What’s she doing?
Uh, she’s dusting, sir.
Oh, she always cleans
when she’s mad.
Do me a favor. Bring her
a drink and tell her to get
comfortable on the couch.
She’s-She’s allowed
on the furniture, is she?
[ Laughing Together ]
She’s my wife.
[ Whistling ]
Oh, good!
I’ve been looking for you.
Well, you should have been
looking for somebody
who was looking for you,
because that’s what I was doing.
Come on, I have
a surprise for you.
[ Door Beeps ]
♪♪ [ Techno, Muffled ]
Oh.
Yeah, I-I’ve
been thinking.
We need to stop being
so uptight.
We are in Vegas.
Let’s have a little fun.
I’ll have to wrap my head
around that, but okay.
I have just the way
to kick it off–
something we could do
together.
It’s a little extreme,
but I think it might be
just what we need.
Okay.
Go on in.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Are you crazy?
Oh, come on, Cam.
We deserve this.
All right, you get started,
and then I’ll jump in
when it starts to heat up.
- Mitchell!
- Come on. Then I will
throw you into it, tiger.
Rub-a-dub-dub.
[ Laughs, Stammers ]
No!
Langham.
♪♪ [ Stops ]
Both of you?
- Huh. Well, okay.
- No, no. No, not okay.
What are you doing here?
- You gave me
your room key.
- What?
Don’t act so shocked. You told
me at the bachelor party
you two lead separate lives.
You went
to the bachelor party?
Yes, and I was starting to feel
bad about sneaking around,
but I guess I shouldn’t have,
now that I see
what you’re up to.
I’m not up to anything.
I left my key by mistake.
We’re all obviously tense.
Let’s take a deep breath,
get in the tub–
It’s not happening.
[ Knocking ]
You want to tell me
how you "accidentally"
gave someone your key?
You want to tell me why you
spent all day sipping tequila
out of some guy’s navel?
- You saw that?
- I guessed.
[ Knocking ]
Hi, guys.
What’s going on?
Hey, Claire.
Can you please come back?
We’re in the middle
of an argument.
Bet I know why.
Are you guys
getting in the bath?
Or I’m way off.
[ Knocking ]
- Langham!
- That’s Tim.
He can’t know I’m here.
He has insane trust issues.
Insane?
Langham,
are you in there?
[ Knocking ]
Go out this door.
In here.
[ Jay ]
Gloria, hurry up, will you?
[ Door Closes ]
He’s on his way up.
I need to shave.
Oh, you’re here.
Jay Pritchett.
Thanks for stopping by.
Nice robe.
Like Hef back in the day.
I’m gonna cut to the chase.
I like your lifestyle.
- I want a taste of it.
- Well– Sure,
that’s flattering, but–
Okay, the bathroom
is–
Gloria, it’s Burt Tanner!
That’s not Burt Tanner.
That’s Long Ham.
[ Knocking ]
Langham!
What’s that thing doing here?
Just enjoying a dirty martini
before a cleansing romp
in the bath.
That’s not who the bath is for.
Oh, my mistake.
Welcome, Claire.
You’re certainly gonna be clean
by the end of the night,
aren’t you?
Jay, I forgot
all my hair products!
I’m going to borrow from Claire.
Okay, coast is clear.
[ Door Closes ]
Eee! Ay.
Hmm?
Jay!
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Hey, Phil. There you are.
Ducky. How’d you know
where I was?
- Magicians run this town.
- Really?
No. I’m a shaving butler
up on Plus.
Look, I felt bad about how
things went down today,
and I-I just wanted
to give you another shot.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Gasps ]
Right this way.
I really think
you’re gonna like
what you see.
Okay, let me just get
everything set up.
[ Clears Throat ]
Metamorphosis.
They say the only constant
is change.
I-I’m sorry, what–
What is that?
Oh, I don’t even know.
It’s something my wife bought.
Let me just get rid of it.
Here we go.
Really, uh, rubbing it in
on that wife thing, huh?
Metamorphosis.
Burt!
[ Chuckling ]
Nice of you to come down a floor
and see how
the other half lives.
If you will, raise it
above my head
and pinch it at my wrists.
Go ahead and make it
good and tight.
Don’t be easy on me.
Okay.
Now–
[ Clears throat ]
As the lowly caterpillar
becomes the majestic butterfly,
as the tiny acorn
becomes the mighty oak,
so too do we complete our...
metamorphosis!
So it’s the Governor’s Bluff.
Well, it’s a huge twist
on the Governor’s Bluff.
Eh.
No, no, no, no, no.
There were other elements.
You just kind of threw me off.
I forgot. I was gonna–
As a flourish
I was gonna use one–
Hola.
That’s amazing!
Y-You lull me with this–
with this hacky quick change,
and the whole time,
you’re changing the fake dog
into a hot maid?
It’s brilliant!
It’s magic!
No, that’s metamorphosis!
Like you, Burt,
I enjoy the finer things.
[ Knocking ]
As a matter of fact,
that’s probably the Cuban
I ordered for you.
Hola.
Cam, if you wanted
a bachelor party, you should
have just said something.
Well, I didn’t know
I wanted one
until we got here.
And you’re so "Eh, eh, eh,"
I-I was afraid to say anything.
Okay, all right.
Lucky for the two of you,
I know you better
than you know yourselves,
and what the two of you need
is a little guilty pleasure.
Or should I say–
The Scotch delivery you had me
on the lookout for, sir.
♪♪ [ Bagpipes ]
[ Stammers ]
I like your style, Pritchett.
You’re in.
Vegas.
This reminds me
of my late grandfather.
He was Scottish?
He was a stripper.
Oh.
There we go.
You got the touch, kid.
I was blessed with my mother’s
small hands, sir.
Shall I order your
complimentary in-room
hot-stone massage?
Complimentary?
All part of the Excelsior Plus
experience, sir.
Might be nice after a dip
in your private lap pool.
Oh, where has this been
all my life?
[ Chuckles ]
You know, I saw a harpist
in the elevator.
Can we get that
for our brunch tomorrow?
If it was up to me, yes,
but unfortunately,
that is reserved for our
Excelsior Ultra guests only.
Sixty-two, 63, 64!
Son of a bitch!